Script: "Rex, the Paw Hero!"

EXT. SUNNY PARK - DAY

The scene is a large, sunny park. The sky is blue with few clouds, the grass is green, and tall trees surround the place. Children play in the background, and the sound of laughter and birds can be heard. LUCAS, a 6-year-old boy with short brown hair and a green backpack, is throwing a ball to REX, his tricolor Beagle (brown, white, and black), who quickly runs back to him with the ball in his mouth. Rex is wearing a red collar with a gold tag.

LUCAS
(laughs happily)
Go, Rex! Catch it!

Rex returns the ball to Lucas and wags his tail, showing his happiness. The scene is light, full of joy and friendship. Lucas throws the ball once more.

Suddenly, the scene changes. The sound of birds and laughter is interrupted by a loud growl. MAX, a large Rottweiler with black fur and brown spots, appears. His dark brown eyes are narrowed in a menacing glare as he slowly approaches, growling and baring his teeth. His heavy paws make a deep thud on the ground. Lucas backs away, frightened, while Rex steps between him and Max.

MAX
(growls, in a deep voice)
I'm going to get your snack, boy!

LUCAS
(frightened)
Rex, watch out!

Rex, determined and fearless, barks courageously. He moves nimbly around Max, trying to distract him.

REX
(barking)
Stop, Max! You're not going to scare Lucas!

Max appears confident and growling louder, raising his head arrogantly.

MAX
(villain)
Do you think you can stop me, puppy? I'm big and strong!

Suddenly, BELLA, a Greyhound with light gray fur and a yellow bandana, appears running at high speed around Max. Her movement is quick and fluid, like lightning around the villain. BELLA (smiling) We're with you, Rex! Soon after, BOB, a huge, strong Mastiff with dark brown fur and white spots, enters the scene. He stands protectively next to Rex, his presence firm and powerful. BOB (in a calm, protective voice) You won't get past us, Max. Max, surrounded by the three dogs, looks around with a worried expression. He lowers his ears, and his growl diminishes. He realizes that he is defeated. MAX (surprised) I... I was just hungry... Rex, always kind, takes a biscuit from Lucas's backpack and offers it to Max. Max's expression changes from aggression to surprise and then gratitude. He takes the biscuit, still in disbelief. REX
(smiling)
You don't have to be mean, Max. We can be friends.

Max accepts the cookie and lowers his head, embarrassed but relieved.

MAX
(grateful)
I...sorry, Rex. Thanks for being kind.

Rex, Bella and Bob smile. Max begins to relax and, to the sound of cheerful music, all the dogs begin to play together, running and jumping on the grass. Lucas throws the ball again, and this time, Max runs happily to catch it, next to Rex. The park is once again a place of peace and fun.

LUCAS
(laughing)
Go, Max! Catch it!

Max and Rex run together, happy, now friends. The sun shines in the sky, illuminating the park. The camera slowly zooms out, showing the dogs playing while Lucas watches, smiling. The day is perfect again.

THE END.
